[deconz] add ontime feature (#9914)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.deconz/README.md

| effect            | String                   |     R/W     | Effect selection. Allowed commands are set dynamically                                  | `colorlight`                                    |
| effectSpeed       | Number                   |     W       | Effect Speed                          | `colorlight`                                    |
| lock              | Switch                   |     R/W     | Lock (ON) or unlock (OFF) the doorlock| `doorlock`                                      |                 

> | ontime            | Number:Time              |     W       | Timespan for which the ligth is truned on | all lights |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ontime            | Number:Time              |     W       | Timespan for which the light is turned on | all lights |
```
